4. Technician is not added in authitication just in table only
5. Need to change the RSL for tables Updates for all tables to USING (created_by = auth.uid())
6. Havent been able to request breakdown and dispatch it functionality
8. Error so when new job created the old one is left with nothing as in the prev v id and driver id so i want to store it in both old and new
10. Store images as the url link to work on web storage bucket also in mobile app
11. Add client side and also database to be changed to allow different companies


Mobile App
- Fix qoutation to get the job allocation
- Tell if it internal technician or external
- Alert response on when completing job
- additional notes to be added as part of the job_assignment
- edit their job stuff to be able to add attachments for the job

He want to make the Vehicle reg to be next to job id or qoute id
in the mobile app ability to auto tell the time take to got to the job.


qoutation for all user fleet manager also need to be fixed workshop also
Add technician information on the qoute
- need to make notes to be array so can have history not to remove the old one
+many more

need more dashboards and conditionally render on the main one

and other pages that have same thing just change it abit

Quick Q: 
Should i be reg admin of company or fleet manager and they have prev to add users to their system or how 
internal workshop mech, no we need to tow 
when tow send 




fleet manager : {
   email: davidmanager@lg.co.za
   0648629542
   password12
}

call center : Lorren Gune{
    lorrgune@lg.co.za
    0762459594
}


technicians:{
    0738618922
    email: zamitech@lg.co.za
    password12
}

driver: {
    0893452367
    driverxolani@lg.co.za
    passsword12
}



since rendering same component for call and fleet need to change that now
















03 August 2025 changes

duplicate the Breakdown system to be called Management Maintanance(

dashboard =>
remove the date on dashboard (last updated at)
 quick report( we changing to number of tows, remove cost eff, weekly trend) breakdown and quick for open jobs
redirect to the list of jobs that are there for (Quick Summary open and close date for the jobs(regno,jobnumb,status,dateopend,currectstatus date,
add view btn to view full details (/jobs/51) actions(performed by fleet manager(approve,decline, request inspection))
)))
=> for these new system we remove qoute management and we run it on job statuses.
=> Fleet manager will always have ability and action (approved, decline or request other inspection)


performance metrix => prefer to job types(electrical), number of jobs, avg costing, 

statuses(
1. Awaiting Workshop acceptance(Once open job card and workshop allocated, workshop provide update to when should come)(booking vehicle)
2. Workshop accepted(VEHICLE TObe delivered)(once workshop accepted job, once it there must confirm it there and confirm goes to 3.)
3. Vehicles at workshop(pending qoutation(Load qoutation, once loaded if over spec threehold request inspection, under must go to pendng approval which wll be done fleet manager))
4. Qoute loaded(1.pENDING INSEPCTION
    (we need to have app for inspector validate the job(using the reg number(checkblock next to items to checkout,
     and notes))), 2.Pending approval)
5. Approved
6. Declined,
7. Completed
8. Invoiced
9.Paid
)


mobile(
 inspector(inspection for job(see the qoute and confirm based on the qoute and attach pictures and note as recommendation) 
 and 
 workshop(
    view all the pictures, and see if the part they loaded is correct and update photos.
    location setting for both workshop and job.
 )
 
 )

be able to have accept or not
dashboard 0-3 days 4-7 and 8++
old than 3 must be flashed and more than 8 highligheted red
)

backend for the systems
value and job type mandatory as critirea,
booking system to book inspection when it will be done (to his quee based on location)


mandate{
    for fleet manager
    (all job types will be displayed and they need to select which job type then go to what the value needed for this job types)
    => to find workshop we add on bbee schedule (gander)
    => VAT (YES OR NO())
    => Auth limit(all users in systems(can view all(username and surname) and must to value of what auth or limit )){
        have job > 3k and the auth limit is also under 3k it will go to the user it will depend on value of the jobs. 
    }
    if they havent got job it gives them the.
    enter vehicle location to determine the job
}


Workshop side (
    call center now is workshop

    can only see jobs allocated to them, functions is accepting, rejecting(decline)
    add date for status(backend) and date for picking when to bring the vehicle,
    load qoutations(parts(format:{
        Quantity, partno, part descrp, cost exc vat
    } and labour{
        no_hours, labour_rate(from workshop registration)
    })),
    upload supplies qoutations of org parts supplies and attach photos,


    Inspector:after inspection{
     WORKSHOP can edit qoute and resubmit it for approval to fleetmanager,
        once approved must be able to upload or generate invoice from our system
        invoice format(which will auto generate) and their supplies invoices to be uploaded
        the supplier invoice and qoute only for inspector not the fleetmanager
    }   

    Workshop functionality.
    workshop admin, Add all mechanics(Mech must all trade test certification on stystem), and learners
    Page for learner for training(courses needed to complete by learners)
    Mech to add additional information
)


Call Center functionaly{
    load qoute on behalf of workshops cant approve or anything, 
    neg or update prices on qoute,
    request inspection,
    ability to upload invoices against workshops.
    Open up jobs.
    We need the driver to log breakdown(request for services(if any due or repair then 
    fleet manager will see this and that when start look for workshop))
}



Company logs(
    start trip it must be indicated if business and then once stop it will record all the kms
)



old system{
    have create job and the should be able to create breakdown
}